many studies and studies carried out in the
whole world to prove something very
important
our planet is coming to your
and reach a point where it will
population than it can sustain the
scientists believe that 10 billion
the maximum number of people he or she
would hold
in less than a century we will be
fighting for food and food and the land
is overloaded
it is obvious that the rulers of the world
know this
probably know much more than
we know and it seems that the decision
preparing for overpopulation
be detained but your plan is nothing
beautiful there will always be various theories
about the government to create something to have you
an exaggerated population growth
but none with the plan seemed to be
so in the face while it involves the
millions of coffins that h1n1 in several
places in the United States
government body that cares for and prepares
everything for major disasters is
awaiting a gigantic number of
black plastic boxes that resemble
many coffins and are able to accommodate
up to four bodies at a time
no explanation for its use is given
by the government but maybe they do not want
explain they can be part
of a much larger plan because each day
new evidence is emerging that
perhaps explain in all this preparation
from United States
about two years ago the world
suffered from an influenza epidemic that was
caused by a virus called h1n1
unfortunately it was ineffective and killed
only a very small percentage of
infected but in 2011 a new
virus much more powerful than the old
which is being called the minimum a5 is
capable of killing six out of ten people
infected
The strange fact is that the government
is blocking publications.
about the virus and not wanting the
study of them come to the public
why the US government wants the
studies on the new deadly virus are
open
will they be afraid of boy to cure
be discovered
now if you stop to think everything
can make sense
two years ago the world was affected by
a new virus that is not very fatal but
certainly served as a test
showing how it spreads in what way
the people who protect and everything else
as if this first virus were a
test for a new one that will arise
extremely fatal to end up with
60 percent of the world 's population
everything still makes more sense when we see
the united states producing millions of
dogs because they know that millions
They will die your country
they are just getting ready to
buried them quickly and
efficiently putting them all in a box of
plastic and preventing bodies from
be played everywhere and
protecting the soil from possible problems
the plan is ready the virus test
weak was made the preparation for the game
anticipated number of dead are ready
now only missing the final plan entering
mass extermination of beings
humans to save the planet
for a few who survived and you
what do you think
If you liked the video, do not forget.
to click on the liked button as this
would help immensely the channel
if you want to accompany more children
with that just click the tv button and
receive new videos in your mouth
your comment on the process in the
video is very important I have the lion
everyone and respond